c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AlgorithmsGUI\AlgorithmsGUI\bin\Debug\AlgorithmsGUI.exe.config
c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AlgorithmsGUI\AlgorithmsGUI\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AlgorithmsGUI\AlgorithmsGUI\obj\Debug\AlgorithmsGUI_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AlgorithmsGUI\AlgorithmsGUI\obj\Debug\AlgorithmsGUI.g.resources
c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AlgorithmsGUI\AlgorithmsGUI\obj\Debug\AlgorithmsGUI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AlgorithmsGUI\AlgorithmsGUI\obj\Debug\AlgorithmsGUI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AlgorithmsGUI\AlgorithmsGUI\bin\Debug\AlgorithmsGUI.exe
c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AlgorithmsGUI\AlgorithmsGUI\bin\Debug\AlgorithmsGUI.pdb
c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AlgorithmsGUI\AlgorithmsGUI\obj\Debug\AlgorithmsGUI.exe
c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AlgorithmsGUI\AlgorithmsGUI\obj\Debug\AlgorithmsGUI.pdb
C:\Users\Krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AlgorithmsGUI\AlgorithmsGUI\obj\Debug\AlgorithmsGUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AlgorithmsGUI\AlgorithmsGUI\obj\Debug\Windows\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AlgorithmsGUI\AlgorithmsGUI\obj\Debug\Controls\TileControl.baml
C:\Users\Krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AlgorithmsGUI\AlgorithmsGUI\obj\Debug\Windows\TileBrowser.baml
C:\Users\Krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AlgorithmsGUI\AlgorithmsGUI\obj\Debug\Windows\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AlgorithmsGUI\AlgorithmsGUI\obj\Debug\Controls\TileControl.g.cs
C:\Users\Krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AlgorithmsGUI\AlgorithmsGUI\obj\Debug\Windows\TileBrowser.g.cs
C:\Users\Krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AlgorithmsGUI\AlgorithmsGUI\obj\Debug\Controls\NumberSetter.baml
C:\Users\Krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AlgorithmsGUI\AlgorithmsGUI\obj\Debug\Controls\NumberSetter.g.cs
C:\Users\Krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AlgorithmsGUI\AlgorithmsGUI\obj\Debug\AlgorithmsGUI_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AlgorithmsGUI\AlgorithmsGUI\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
